How many of you can feel that something major is about to come?
That's what I heard in the spirit.
How many of you are awake and know that something major is about to come?
Do you feel it inside?
How hungry are you?
He says, 'How bad?
How much do you want to see the glory?
' Do you hear him?
He said, 'How bad, how hungry, how desperate?
Do you want to see the glory?
How much do you want to see the glory daily?
' Leave the old things behind.
Multitudes will come.
He says the multitudes will come as you come up higher with my fire, walking in your authority.
Working and walking with your authority.
I'm in the Swiss Alps, and I'm going into the towns.
I can see myself knocking on the door of each one of those little places, alerting them that a great revival is about to be upon them.
We're going through Europe right now.
It's a march.
I hear him leading the people and it's 'follow the leader' through the towns in Europe.
We're knocking on the door of the heart of the unbeliever.
As we knock on the heart of the unbeliever, I see we're marching in a single-file line.
The Lord Jesus Christ is leading the charge.
He knocks on the door, and whenever they open it, they get in line and follow the leader.
Following the leader, he's saying whatever I hear in the spirit as they're marching down the road.
They're marching down the road, and he's saying, 'Come with me.
Come up higher.
' Jesus is moving throughout Europe, moving throughout the villages and knocking.
As he knocks on the door of the hearts of the unbeliever, they follow in line.
The line is getting longer, for he's calling the souls of men.
And this is the mission.
You must know your authority.
He's knocking on hearts throughout the world.
The time is late.
He says the time is late.
Now he's going throughout South America and Australia.
There is no longer a day; the time is short.
You must get on the boat.
There is no longer a day.
He's talking about the timeframe in the spirit realm.
The sun is setting.
He's adding to the body, one day at a time.
He's bringing the people in.
It's like a march, and Jesus is leading the march.
I see he has a drum in his hand.
He's drumming again and again.
I like to look at it.
He's adding the people, knocking on the hearts of men.
It doesn't matter how big you think you are.
From celebrities to the poorest of the poor, he's bringing us all in.
He has such great things in store.
For the greater works you will do, he will work through you.
Days of fun have just begun, bringing in the harvest.
We're bringing in the harvest—the ones people had given up on.
I see houses that have cobwebs on them, houses full of darkness, and he's knocking on their door.
The ones that people had forgotten, the unlovely.
There are cobwebs on the doors of these houses, and they look spooky, but he said, 'People have forgotten them, but I have not forgotten them.
' He's knocking on the door, calling them in.
He's calling in everyone, even those in the darkest of sin.
'They will know my son,' he says.
Ask the Holy Spirit to help you become a greater witnessing tool for him, a mouthpiece, so that he can flow within.
You add to the march of the beat, and they will bring them to their knees.
It's the neatest thing ever watching him knock on the doors of people's hearts.
Some didn't answer.
He kept marching because they wouldn't let him in, but many got in line and became born again.
Their doors were closed to him.
How many of you don't let him in?
He's knocking on the doors of your hearts once again.
I saw cobwebs on the doors and darkness.
The shutters were falling because the hinges were broken off the doors and windows.
They're missing shingles on their roofs.
He's marching through Europe, knocking on the doors of old cottages, playing his drums and knocking.
I can see the people getting in line—all different nationalities, colors, and races.
They are wearing various clothes.
Some are wearing those little overalls with shorts.
As he goes through Europe, they're wearing shorts with a nice shirt and brown overalls.
He's marching through Africa, knocking on the doors, and they're all coming, one soul at a time.
People are saying, 'lederhosen.
' That is what the people are wearing.
I see a little chubby boy with a potbelly running into the line.
He has a nice brown haircut and he's running in line.
He's knocking on the houses.
He says Germany, so they're going through Germany.
How many of you can feel that something major is about to come?
That's what I heard in the spirit.
How many of you are awake and know that something major is about to come?
Do you feel it inside?
How hungry are you?
He says, 'How bad?
How much do you want to see the glory?
' Do you hear him?
He said, 'How bad, how hungry, how desperate?
Do you want to see the glory?
How much do you want to see the glory daily?
' Leave the old things behind.
Multitudes will come.
He says the multitudes will come as you come up higher with my fire, walking in your authority.
Working and walking with your authority.
I'm in the Swiss Alps, and I'm going into the towns.
I can see myself knocking on the door of each one of those little places, alerting them that a great revival is about to be upon them.
We're going through Europe right now.
It's a march.
I hear him leading the people and it's 'follow the leader' through the towns in Europe.
We're knocking on the door of the heart of the unbeliever.
As we knock on the heart of the unbeliever, I see we're marching in a single-file line.
The Lord Jesus Christ is leading the charge.
He knocks on the door, and whenever they open it, they get in line and follow the leader.
Following the leader, he's saying whatever I hear in the spirit as they're marching down the road.
They're marching down the road, and he's saying, 'Come with me.
Come up higher.
' Jesus is moving throughout Europe, moving throughout the villages and knocking.
As he knocks on the door of the hearts of the unbeliever, they follow in line.
The line is getting longer, for he's calling the souls of men.
And this is the mission.
You must know your authority.
He's knocking on hearts throughout the world.
The time is late.
He says the time is late.
Now he's going throughout South America and Australia.
There is no longer a day; the time is short.
You must get on the boat.
There is no longer a day.
He's talking about the timeframe in the spirit realm.
The sun is setting.
He's adding to the body, one day at a time.
He's bringing the people in.
It's like a march, and Jesus is leading the march.
I see he has a drum in his hand.
He's drumming again and again.
I like to look at it.
He's adding the people, knocking on the hearts of men.
It doesn't matter how big you think you are.
From celebrities to the poorest of the poor, he's bringing us all in.
He has such great things in store.
For the greater works you will do, he will work through you.
Days of fun have just begun, bringing in the harvest.
We're bringing in the harvest—the ones people had given up on.
I see houses that have cobwebs on them, houses full of darkness, and he's knocking on their door.
The ones that people had forgotten, the unlovely.
There are cobwebs on the doors of these houses, and they look spooky, but he said, 'People have forgotten them, but I have not forgotten them.
' He's knocking on the door, calling them in.
He's calling in everyone, even those in the darkest of sin.
'They will know my son,' he says.
Ask the Holy Spirit to help you become a greater witnessing tool for him, a mouthpiece, so that he can flow within.
You add to the march of the beat, and they will bring them to their knees.
It's the neatest thing ever watching him knock on the doors of people's hearts.
Some didn't answer.
He kept marching because they wouldn't let him in, but many got in line and became born again.
Their doors were closed to him.
How many of you don't let him in?
He's knocking on the doors of your hearts once again.
I saw cobwebs on the doors and darkness.
The shutters were falling because the hinges were broken off the doors and windows.
They're missing shingles on their roofs.
He's marching through Europe, knocking on the doors of old cottages, playing his drums and knocking.
I can see the people getting in line—all different nationalities, colors, and races.
They are wearing various clothes.
Some are wearing those little overalls with shorts.
As he goes through Europe, they're wearing shorts with a nice shirt and brown overalls.
He's marching through Africa, knocking on the doors, and they're all coming, one soul at a time.
People are saying, 'lederhosen.
' That is what the people are wearing.
I see a little chubby boy with a potbelly running into the line.
He has a nice brown haircut and he's running in line.
He's knocking on the houses.
He says Germany, so they're going through Germany.
I see it; there is a drought.
I can see into the year, and it is a drought.
It's like a great depression, like the 1930s.
People are really struggling, especially farmers.
I see farmers with their overalls on, looking south towards a storm in the south and a storm in the east.
I see the land and the seas, and darkness is upon the seas.
Everything is coming back; Jesus is coming back.
I believe I am looking into the day of the tribulation, and it is terrible.
There are dead fish everywhere in the islands, and the people have nothing to eat.
There is a stench in the air.
I see fire and volcanoes.
You couldn't pay me enough money to be in those islands.
I see the shaking down there.
You know how there are certain parts of the world you would want to be and certain parts you would not?
I see people making bunkers in the ground, but volcanoes are going off and there are dead fish everywhere.
I see the people hiding in their bunkers.
I see the face of the man over Facebook, and he is trembling in a bunker.
No bunker will hide them.
The Lord says, 'There is no bunker that will hide them, for the day of wrath has come.
' As I look into it, I see these massive angelic beings standing together.
They are transparent but holding trumpets, and they look like they have waterfalls or rain inside of them.
They are in the east and look spooky.
Their skin is light, but their interiors look like water vapor.
I've never seen an angel look like this.
They're blowing these horns.
I thought they would blow a shofar, but they're blowing long trumpet horns.
This is not a shofar.
This has to be after the tribulation.
I see the islands and everything shaking, and there is no place to hide.
People are trying to hide from the great and terrible day of wrath.
The sea and the waves are roaring; there's a loud roar upon the waters and the land.
Everything is shaking violently.
The earth will rock and reel like a drunkard.
Glory to God, Diana.
I'm just sitting here looking at all this, and He is allowing me to see it.
It is the great and terrible day, and every knee will bow.
It is literal hell on earth—scary storms, earthquakes, and tsunamis.
I see these angels blowing their horns, and it's deafening.
I see Mark Zuckerberg going down in his bunker, and his curly hair is a little thicker and poofier than usual.
He's trembling at the sight of God and what he's seeing on his island.
I see the volcanoes going off.
This is about the love of money, a grotesqueness and infatuation with it.
It's a stench to the Father.
They're trembling in their caves and bunkers because no one will escape the wrath to come.
You must know Him; you must know His Son.
Oh Jesus, may we all fall in love more with You.
Why are there so many dead fish?
Big whales, orcas, and octopuses are all dead.
They're floating on top of the water, and it stinks.
It's on the news and the TVs everywhere.
It looks like something out of a terrible movie.
I didn't realize there were that many fish in the ocean.
Praise the Lord.
I just came out of it.
Those angels were like nothing I've ever seen on this earth.
There was a reverence and awe in the spirit realm.
The angels of the Lord were blowing these horns and shaking the earth.
As they blew, there was a roar upon the water, a shockwave of energy creating a sea and waves roaring.
It was the great and fearful day of the Lord.
People were trying to hide and get away, including this man, Mark.
He was in the ground.
They were all trying to hide, but the Lord said, "There's no place to hide.
There's no place to hide.
" And I could see them in caves in the side of mountains and they were hiding themselves.
And the earth itself was shaking.
The ground was shaking.
Everything was like an earthquake all at once, everywhere.
Not just in divers places.
I'm talking; it was everywhere.
The earth was shaking.
I could see the earth shaking.
But it was not just a little tremor.
We're talking violently shaking as these angels were blowing their horns.
And I could hear the sound from these four angels.
And as one blew, there would be one event.
Another blew, boom.
And I could see the four angels and they were blowing their horns and it was shaking the earth.
The very powers in the heavens were shaking.
Why?
I don't know.
I bet there's probably scripture to line up.
Maybe not.
I don't know.
All I saw was what I saw.
I'm not a Bible theologian.
All I do is tell you what I see and, my goodness, it's shaking and, my goodness y'all.
But first, it started out with Jesus marching and that was beautiful.
He was marching and playing his drum and knocking on the hearts of men.
That was where I want to end this.
The other is a little heavy.
That was pretty wild what I just saw.
I saw a lot.
Everything I just saw had so much detail to it that my English vocabulary cannot tell you.
Everything had so much detail.
And I could see the mountains.
I could see things.
There was fire and there was smoke.
There was so much smoke in the atmosphere from the volcanoes; it looked like it was almost nighttime.
It was blocking out the sun.
I could see the sun coming through some parts, but where there was volcanic ash and smoke and stuff, there was fire.
Everything was on fire.
And I thought, "How is anybody even coming in this?
How are you even living?
" On the islands, I could still see TV screens and stuff, and the people were starving because there was no food.
And I saw farmers looking to the south and I saw them looking to the east and there was a storm.
I was like, "What in the world?
" So, wow.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for the child that is thinking about being aborted right now, for their daughter.
Father, we lift up this mother right now before you, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that you would work on her heart, that she will not abort this little girl, Father.
I thank you, Lord, right now that you come and comfort her for whatever demonic spirits are bothering her, trying to abort this little baby.
I take authority over this demonic spirit in the name of Jesus.
And we say, "Satan, leave this girl alone.
She will not abort this little baby girl.
We will not have this in the name of Jesus.
And the baby will be born; let the grandma raise it.
" Father, I thank you, Lord, that the daughter would change her heart, but we ask, Father, that even if she didn't in the natural, she won't abort the baby.
Maybe she'll give it up for adoption.
The grandma's asking for prayer.
That's what I'm saying; the grandma's asking for prayer right now.
And so, we lift up this woman that she will not abort this baby girl.
She will not.
In the name of Jesus, we call out the fear of why she thinks she can't provide for it, whatever it may be; we call for peace in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that you're warring on our behalf right now and that there's peace over this mother that she will not.
And this demonic spirit that's trying to influence her, you cease and desist your maneuvering right now in Jesus' name.
And we call peace over this mother right now that you will keep this baby and it will be a blessing.
This child will be a blessing to her in the name of Jesus, and she'll know she has family that's supporting her right now, right now interceding for her.
Yes, Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
We call peace over this child.
We call peace over this mother in the mighty name of Jesus and clarity of mind.
Thank you, Lord.
Clarity of mind.
We say hormones line up.
Hormones line up.
Think right.
Hormones line up and think right in Jesus' name.
There's a purpose for this child.
We thank you, Father.
There's a purpose for every child.
But we will stand in the gap, Father, for this baby.
We thank you, Lord.
And that goes for every one of the women out there trying to abort their children.
This stops.
The murder stops in Jesus' name.
We call forth the babies that the blood of the innocent cry out from the ground.
The blood of the innocent cries out.
And we call forth right now a major move of God on the women's hearts that, Father, they don't realize what they're doing.
This is a demonic spirit trying to influence them.
And we call them free from this demonic stronghold in Jesus' name.
And we thank you.
Baal will not have any more bloodshed.
None.
In Jesus' name, we call peace over this woman.
Thank you, Lord.
Amen and amen.
Does everybody agree with me that this will not happen?
We're standing with you, Grandma.
We're standing with you.
Well, it's late, y'all.
I mean, we've been going on for three hours.
Isn't it amazing how long this goes?
I just get lost in the spirit of the Lord.
Three hours.
I can't unhook from the Holy Ghost.
When I get in these rivers, I'll just keep going for three hours.
You could drive to Texas from Oklahoma City; that's how long that is.
It's like you can have a road trip with this.
A long one.
God bless you all.
I pray this blessed you.
And thank you for joining us.
Thank you.
It blessed me.
Even if it didn't bless you, it blessed me tremendously.
I'm telling you all, Jesus is coming.
If you could please help us, please.
We don't ask you for anything, but we do ask you for this: like, subscribe, comment something nice down below.
Give us a thumbs up.
Do everything you can do to get us in the algorithm.
That's Diana's and my biggest desire is to get to this million-soul prayer army.
We're believing God for a million people to come pray with us.
And if you can help us with that, we would greatly appreciate it.
Thank you.
And thank you for your time tonight coming and dipping in the river with us, praying with us, and seeking Jesus with us.
We pray with all our hearts, both of us, that this blesses you all and that you're coming up higher in your prayer life.
That Jesus is becoming more real to you than whatever your circumstances are because that's what it means to us.
We do this for you.
We sacrifice our night to come in here and pray with you, to show you the way as much as we can.
And we don't have everything always figured out, but we're trying.
God bless you all.
We love you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye bye.